GOUTHAM PARAMESWARAN C M

International Institute of Information Technology, Hyderabad

@ goutham.898@gmail.com

EXPERIENCE

Intern - BlitzHiring.ai
Web Application development
(8 April 2020 - June 2020

© https:/github.com/gouthamcm

 

Q Remote Intern

e Developed a Front-end application using REACT that performs
end-to-end work in hiring, right from collecting resumes from
different web portals like Naukri, LinkedIn to showing the cor-
rect candidates using the Deep Learning framework.

e Researched different chatbot frameworks and later built a com-
plete end to end chatbot in the RASA framework after extensive
data preparation.

ACHIEVEMENTS

e Secured All India Rank 1002 in GATE CSE 2021.

 

e Winners of Smart India Hackathon 2020 for the problem state-
ment issued by Govt. of Bihar.

e Track Winners at HackVerse 2.0 hackathon conducted by NIT
Surathkal.

e Secured 4th Place in TransfiNITTe v:2 hackathon 2020 conducted
by NIT Trichy.

e Awarded Special merit certificate for being among the top 0.1
per cent of successful candidates in Physics in AISSCE 2016.

e Awarded Special merit certificate for obtaining Grade A1 in all
the five subjects in AISSE 2014.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

e Programming Languages: C++, Javascript, JAVA, SQL, HTML,
Python, BASH

e Software & Tools: Android Studio, PyTorch, React

ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Technical Council
Head
8 May 2020 - April 2021

 

9 NIT Trichy

e Responsible for administering technology in NIT Trichy, taking
initiatives for community development, and addressing campus
issues by imparting feasible technical solutions.

Spider R&D
Application Developer

(2 Sept 2018 - May 2020 9 NIT Trichy

e Responsible for developing Apps targeting campus development
and researching new techniques for making it successful.

in https://www.linkedin.com/in/gouthamcm

EDUCATION

M.Tech. (CSE) -
IIIT Hyderabad
68 Aug 2021 - Present

B.Tech. (ICE) - 8.16 CGPA
NIT Trichy
@4 July 2017 - June 2021

CBSE(XII), Science - 94.2%
Kendriya Vidyalaya
6B 2016

CBSE(X) - 10.0 CGPA
Kendriya Vidyalaya
6B 2014

PROJECTS

Agent Navigator

e This project implements an agent trained to col-
lect bananas in a large square world, trained us-
ing Deep Reinforcement Learning. The goal of
the agent is to collect as many bananas while
avoiding obstructions in the path.

 

Face Generation

e This project uses Deep Convolutional Genera-
tive Adversarial Network (DCGAN) to generate
images of new and realistic human faces. The
model has been trained on the CelebA dataset
and has achieved an accuracy of 70%.

TV Scripts Generation

e This project generates TV Script using Recur-
rent Neural Networks (RNNs). The model has
been trained on the Seinfeld data set of scripts
rom 9 seasons and thus generates a fake TV
script based on the learning.

NITT App

e This is an android application built specifically
‘o fulfil the needs of every student and faculty
members of NIT Trichy by providing a platform
‘or announcements, filing complaints and mess
registration on their mobile phones.

SportsFete App

e The official app for Sports-fest 2018 of NIT
Trichy, which provides a list of all the live, fu-
ure and past events happening during the fest.
Using this application, the user can check the
scores of every department/branch and their
current standings in the leader-board with a
unique feature of live commentary.